Removed use of 'should' to avoid normative language confusion (#40)
AMWA-TV/nmos-authorization-implementation-guide: docs/4.1. Node to Authorization Server Interactions.md

```

## Refreshing Bearer Tokens
The Bearer Token has a limited life specified by the value of the `expires_in` parameter in seconds. The Node needs to refresh the token before [it exceeds its half life](https://specs.amwa.tv/is-10/branches/v1.0-dev/docs/4.4._Behaviour_-_Access_Tokens.html#access-token-lifetime) (if the token lifetime is 30 seconds, then refresh it at least 15 seconds before token expiry).

Unlike the Authorization Code Flow, the Client Credential Flow does not issue a refresh token; 'refreshing' the token simply involves repeating the Client Credential Flow.

## Fetching Authorization Server Public Keys

> As well as acquiring a token to allow this Node to register, the Node will also need the [Authorization Server's public keys](https://specs.amwa.tv/is-10/branches/v1.0-dev/docs/4.5._Behaviour_-_Resource_Servers.html#public-keys) so that it can authenticate calls on its own APIs. These keys are fetched every hour to ensure the keys are always up to date.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion... 
```suggestion
As well as acquiring a token to allow this Node to register, the Node also needs the [Authorization Server's public keys](https://specs.amwa.tv/is-10/branches/v1.0-dev/docs/4.5._Behaviour_-_Resource_Servers.html#public-keys) so that it can authenticate calls on its own APIs. These keys need to be fetched every hour to ensure the keys are always up to date.
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM

]
```

> Note that if a Node is unable to contact an Authorization Server, it ought to attempt to contact another Authorization Server from the discovered list until this [either succeeds or the list is exhausted](https://specs.amwa.tv/is-10/branches/v1.0-dev/docs/4.5._Behaviour_-_Resource_Servers.html#public-keys).

Reviewer: This is superseded by the other PR, right, Jonathan?

Reviewer 2: Yes, you're right

Reviewer 2: Rolled back to avoid PR conflict
